Frank Benjamin Morris
Dedicated Systems Operations Engineer with over 23 years of diversified leadership and IT (Information 
Technology) experience, eager to contribute to team success. Clear understanding of field support and system 
engineering and training in SQL, Big Data, Cloud Computing, and customer service.
Work Experience
2016-
Current
Systems Operations Engineer
ADVANTAGE RESOURCING, Charlotte, NC
• Manages bridge line between field technicians and Server 
Support office, to facilitate and expedite all communications.
• Conduct quality control by testing new patches prior to 
software being installed, which ensured 100% accuracy and 
currency of all applications.
• Streamlined team's technical knowledge base by creating a 
solutions repository to share and references technical 
solutions on unique issues.
• Provide remote technical support to customers for various 
technical issues as the last line of support.
• Delivers timely preventive assignments and systems' status 
monitoring to leadership to eliminate infrastructure issues or 
downtime.
2013 - 2016 IT Field Technician
HEWLETT PACKARD, Charlotte, NC
• Documented, analyzed, and tested information system 
applications based on user or system design specifications.
• Served as first point of contact for customers seeking technical 
assistance.
• Assessed malfunctions of hardware and software applications 
to determine appropriate actions to maintain system, printing, 
network, and database operations.
• Performed maintenance operations daily, weekly, and 
monthly on select servers, structured query language (SQL) 
databases, and information systems to ensure efficient 
program operations.
• Maintained ticket queue containing no more than 40 tickets, 
well below the prescribed limit.
Contact
Phone 
(803) 316-1670
E-mail 
fbenjaminmorris@gmail.com
LinkedIn
linkedin.com/in/fbenjaminmorris
Skills
PMP
SaaS
Active Directory
Hardware
HTML
ITIL
Java Script
Linux
Office 365
Network
1996 - 2019 DenTech Operations Supervisor
UNITED STATES ARMY, Active Duty & Reserves, Columbia, SC
• Performed duties as squad leader and maintained 100% 
accountability of equipment valued over $1M.
• Provided technical leadership through the supervision of 
clinical staff and implementing network security analysis.
• Facilitated and supervised team trainings on management of 
clinical and dispensary operations utilizing work plans and 
spreadsheets.
• Identified and implemented effective campaigns across all 
channels including direct mail, email, web, telemarketing, 
social media, research, events and affiliates.
• Active Security Clearance 
Education
2011 - 2012 System Administration
NEW HORIZONZ COMPUTER LEARNING CENTER - Charlotte, 
NC
2002 - 2006 Bachelor of Arts: Psychology, Marketing
WINTHROP UNIVERSITY - Rock Hill, SC
Certifications
2019-02 Comptia A+
2019-02 Comptia Network+
2019-02 Comptia Security +
2015-06 Big Data
2015-06 Cloud Computing 
2020-08 ITIL
Python
Servers
SQL
Technical support
Technical assistance
Visio
Python
Salesforce
Windows 10
Cloud services
Technical Analysis
TCP/IP protocol
MacO